---
templateKey: custom-page
title: About Infinity Festival
requiresAuth: false
---
**Infinity Festival Hollywood** is the place where Hollywood meets Silicon Valley. The festival, a multi-day annual event held in Los Angeles, celebrates “Story Enabled by Technology,” bringing together Hollywood’s finest storytelling talent with the innovative creators of Silicon Valley’s cutting-edge technology. The event began in 2018 in Beverly Hills, where the Paley Center served as the festival hub, with screenings and special events held in various theaters and locations around the area. The festival gained momentum, and in 2019 moved into the heart of Hollywood at Goya Studios and the Dream Hotel, as well as the Dolby Theater and other Hollywood venues. 

Although we weren’t able to plan a live event due to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, interest in the festival hadn’t waned, and so the festival team transformed IF 2020 into an all-virtual event. Our production partner, FNtech, created a proprietary virtual platform, which gave us an arena to continue the festival with 8 weeks of original programming and reach a broader audience. Beginning in October 2020 and continuing through January 2021, the festival successfully broadcast over 60 hours of original programming, continuing our original goal of bringing together creators, directors, producers and writers, as well as senior executives and technologists. We also partnered with iconic recording label Capitol Music Group to feature Capitol Royale, which brought a unique slate of music related programming to the 2020 festival.

For 2021, the Infinity Festival is excited to bring together the best of both worlds – in-person and virtual events – in one fantastic hybrid experience this November. The in-person portion will be held in several adjacent Hollywood locations; the online component will be presented through the easy-to-use FNvirtual event platform. The festival will continue its theme of “story enabled by technology” with an entirely new slate of innovative programming, including industry-leading speakers, panel discussions, an exhibition hall, innovation labs, a fine art gallery and more, each with an emerging-tech focus. We hope to see you there!

Secure your tickets today by clicking the log in the top left corner, and hitting "Get Tickets Now" on the homepage. For additional information, please visit <a href="https://www.infinityfestival.com" target="_blank">infinityfestival.com</a>